docs: fix typo in pm2 deployment (#1353)
nuxt/nuxtjs.org: content/en/guides/deployment/deployment-pm2.md

## Further Information

> This solution guarantees a no downtime for your application on this server. You should prevent server failing through redundancy or high availability cloud solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution guarantees no downtime for your application on this server. (You should also prevent server failure through redundancy or high availability cloud solutions.)
```
